README.md, before:

# grzegorzpokorski.pl

Personal webpage presenting mine offer, connected with blog.

## Used technologies 🛠️:

1. React.js
2. Next.js
3. Typescript
4. Tailwind CSS
5. SCSS
6. MDX

## Installation 👷

Required installed node.js.

1. Clone this repository:

```
git clone https://github.com/grzegorzpokorski/moja-strona.git
```

2. Install dependencies:

```
pnpm install
```

3. Depending on your needs:

To run it in local environment:

```
pnpm dev
```

To built this project:

```
pnpm build
```

## Live 🌐

[https://grzegorzpokorski.pl/](https://grzegorzpokorski.pl/)

<!--
## Some screenshots:

![](/mockups/start.png?raw=true "Home page")

![](/mockups/page.png?raw=true "Single page")

![](/mockups/blog.png?raw=true "Blog archive")

![](/mockups/pricing.png?raw=true "Pricing page")

![](/mockups/offer.png?raw=true "Offer page")

![](/mockups/single.png?raw=true "Single article page") -->

## Contributing

If you find any bug, have suggestion how to improve this project feel free to tell about it in [issues](https://github.com/grzegorzpokorski/grzegorzpokorski.pl/issues) tab. Pull requests also are welcoming.

Commit message:

docs: add information about upcoming changes in project

README.md, after:

# grzegorzpokorski.pl

Personal webpage presenting my offer, connected with blog.

## Used technologies 🛠️:

1. React.js
2. Next.js
3. Typescript
4. Tailwind CSS
5. SCSS
6. MDX

## Installation 👷

Required installed node.js.

1. Clone this repository:

```
git clone https://github.com/grzegorzpokorski/moja-strona.git
```

2. Install dependencies:

```
pnpm install
```

3. Depending on your needs:

To run it in local environment:

```
pnpm dev
```

To built this project:

```
pnpm build
```

## Live 🌐

[https://grzegorzpokorski.pl/](https://grzegorzpokorski.pl/)

<!--
## Some screenshots:

![](/mockups/start.png?raw=true "Home page")

![](/mockups/page.png?raw=true "Single page")

![](/mockups/blog.png?raw=true "Blog archive")

![](/mockups/pricing.png?raw=true "Pricing page")

![](/mockups/offer.png?raw=true "Offer page")

![](/mockups/single.png?raw=true "Single article page") -->

## Contributing

If you find any bug, have suggestion how to improve this project feel free to tell about it in [issues](https://github.com/grzegorzpokorski/grzegorzpokorski.pl/issues) tab. Pull requests also are welcoming.

## Upcoming changes

Soon website will be fully migrated to Next.js v13 with app directory - you can follow progress of work in branch named [app-dir](https://github.com/grzegorzpokorski/grzegorzpokorski.pl/tree/app-dir).
